feat: Add `autoscaling_group_tags` variable to self-managed-node-groups (#2084)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-eks: modules/self-managed-node-group/README.md

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ami_id"></a> [ami\_id](#input\_ami\_id) | The AMI from which to launch the instance | `string` | `""` | no |

> | <a name="input_autoscaling_group_tags"></a> [autoscaling\_group\_tags](#input\_autoscaling\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the auto\_scaling\_group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_autoscaling_group_tags"></a> [autoscaling\_group\_tags](#input\_autoscaling\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the autoscaling group created. Tags are applied to the autoscaling group only and are NOT propagated to instances | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
```
